doc: Documentation of configuring a new OIDC Provider (#51)
GameFabric/docs: src/multiplayer-servers/getting-started/setup-third-party-oauth.md

> # Setting Up Third-Party OAuth Integration

Reviewer: `Third-Party OAuth` vs `3rd party OAuth` later in the document.

Author: All usages have been updated as "Third-Party".

> # Setting Up Third-Party OAuth Integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Setup Third-Party OAuth Integration
```
Align with other documentation titles ("Setup")

Author: Amended.

## Overview

GameFabric supports Third-Party OAuth Integration with every OAuth-compatible Identiy Provider, allowing you to reuse your existing authentication flows, without giving GameFabric access to your sensitive authentication data.

## Prerequisites

Before setting up a Third-Party OIDC Provider, ensure the following conditions are met:

> - You have access to an active GameFabric installation with access through the default user.

Reviewer 2: > with access through the default user.

This is not a pre-requisit for this. It could also be used to setup a new oAuth Provider after first login.

```suggestion
- You have access to an active GameFabric installation with permissions to modify oAuth Providers or the default user.
```

Author: Amended.

- You have an OIDC ([OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/developers/how-connect-works/)) provider, including a **Client ID** and **Client Secret**.

## Setting up a new OIDC Provider

> ### Step 1: Add a New Provider

Reviewer 2: This step numbering is inconsistent with the rest of the documentation. In general documentation should be consistent. This includes using bullet points over numbered lists.

> 1. Navigate to the OIDC Providers page (From Sidebar -> Access Management -> OIDC Providers).

Reviewer 2: Some user will ask where the `From Sidebar` button is.

Author: Instruction has been overhauled to "Navigate to the "Access Management" section from the Sidebar Menu, and then into the "OIDC Providers" page."

2. Click **Add Provider**.

![Add Provider Screenshot](create-oidc-provider-main-screenshot.png)

> 3. Enter a desired **Display ID** and **Display Name** for your new provider.

Reviewer: Do we really need bullet points for this? (ignore if this has been discussed already)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/55499c67-ded5-4a26-891e-c7f71f1c555b)

Author: Instructions being laid out point-by-point should make the reader feel more "reading a step-by-step instructions", but if desired, we can remove the numerics and turn them into non-numbered bullets.

Reviewer: Generally yes, I just don't agree in this particular circumstance :)

> 1. Navigate to the OIDC Providers page (From Sidebar -> Access Management -> OIDC Providers).
> 2. Click **Add Provider**.
> 
> ![Add Provider Screenshot](create-oidc-provider-main-screenshot.png)
> 
> 3. Enter a desired **Display ID** and **Display Name** for your new provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the OIDC Providers page (From Sidebar -> Access Management -> OIDC Providers).
2. Click **Add Provider**.

![Add Provider Screenshot](create-oidc-provider-main-screenshot.png)

3. Enter a desired **ID** and **Display Name** for your new provider.
```

Author: Amended.

![Provider Details Screenshot](create-oidc-provider-firststep-screenshot.png)

### Step 2: Configure Issuer and Credentials

1. Specify the **Issuer URL** of your OIDC provider.

> 2. Enter the **Client ID** and **Client Secret** issued by the provider.

Reviewer: If we decide to reduce the bullet/list items and make it just a normale sentence, we could also do it here.

Author: All bullets/list items has been converted into simplified sentences.

![Issuer Configuration Screenshot](images/authentication/create-oidc-provider-secondstep-screenshot.png)

### Step 3: Advanced Details

#### Define Claim Configurations

> 1. Configure the claims to request from the OIDC provider using the **Scopes** text input.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Configure which claims to request from the OIDC provider using the **Scopes** text input.
```

Outside of the minor language issue, this is not overly helpful. Why should they do this, is there a case they do not need to do this? It seems like it is just stating the obvious.

Author: Instruction language has been corrected. Also, clarifications added to when/if advanced configurations should be used and not to.

![Scopes Screenshot](images/authentication/create-oidc-provider-thirdstep-screenshot.png)

 Common scopes include:

| Scope         | Description                                                               |
|---------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| openid        | Required for OpenID Connect; requests and ID token                        |
| email         | Requests the user's email address                                         |
| profile       | Requests additional user profile information, such as name and picture    |
| groups        | Requests group membership claims (if supported by the identity provider)  |
| custom scopes | Applications or APIs can define their own scopes for specific permissions |

2. Define the following mappings:
   - **UserID Key**: Maps the OIDC provider’s claim to the **User ID** in GameFabric (default: `sub`).

>    - **UserName Key**: Maps the OIDC provider’s claim to the **UserName** in GameFabric (default: `name`).

Reviewer 2: This does not read well in this form. A sentence telling them that the software needs these values to be able to determine the user ID and name would be better IMO.

#### Claim Mapping

Some OIDC providers return non-standard claims. Use the **Claim Mapping** section to align these with standardized claims in GameFabric.

Some of the non-standard claims, and how would they map to GameFabric claims:

| Non-standard Claim  | Corresponding GameFabric Claim | Description                                                                    |
|---------------------|--------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| login_name          | preferred_username             | The username used for login purposes, which might differ from the display name |
| alias               | preferred_username             | An alternative username or alias for the user                                  |
| normalized_username | preferred_username             | Lowercased username                                                            |
| secondary_email     | email                          | Secondary email, that might be wished to map to the principal "email"          |

#### Provider Discovery Override

> GameFabric performs a preparatory request to the OIDC Provider to fetch required configuration details. If necessary, override the default values for:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GameFabric performs a preparatory request to the OIDC Provider to fetch required configuration details. In the event this request returns incorrect information for your needs, these values can be overridden:
```

Author: Amended.

- **Token URL**
- **Auth URL**
- **JWKs URL**

This customization ensures compatibility with providers returning non-standard discovery responses.

> ## Examples

Reviewer: I personally would have moved that into a separate document below Third-Party OAuth.

### Microsoft ENTRA

#### Prerequisites

Before configuring ENTRA as a new OIDC Provider on GameFabric, it's required to ensure that GameFabric is configured as an application on ENTRA.

About further information on how to accomplish this, please refer to: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/v2-protocols-oidc#enable-id-tokens ("Enable ID Tokens" Section)

#### Add ENTRA as a provider

On "Create OIDC Provider" page, fill in ID and Name for Entra:

![Add ENTRA Screenshot](images/authentication/microsoft-entra-main-screenshot.png)

On the next step:

- Fill in the "Issuer URL" of ENTRA

  For ENTRA this is "https://login.microsoftonline.com/{tenant-id}/v2.0" 

- Fill in the ClientID & Secret you have obtained from ENTRA for GameFabric

  Client ID & Secret should be presented to you by ENTRA when GameFabric is configured as an Application on ENTRA following the steps mentioned in prerequisites

![Microsoft ENTRA Details Screenshot](images/authentication/microsoft-entra-secondstep-screenshot.png)

> ### Advanced Details
> 
> Third Step (Advanced) is up to preference with ENTRA, since it already sends expected claims.

Reviewer 2: `Advanced Details` is at the same level as `Microsoft ENTRA` which is weird. Also, I do not think a separate section is needed here.

```suggestion
No additional details are required as ENTRA returns all necessary claims and information. You can now start using ENTRA to authenticate users with GameFabric.
```

Author: A whole restructuring of the document has been executed.

# Setup Third-Party OAuth Integration

## Overview

GameFabric supports Third-Party OAuth Integration with every OAuth-compatible Identiy Provider, allowing you to reuse your existing authentication flows, without giving GameFabric access to your sensitive authentication data.

## Prerequisites

Before setting up a Third-Party OIDC Provider, ensure the following conditions are met:

> - You have access to an active GameFabric installation with permissions to modify OAuth Providers or the default user. 

Reviewer 3: What is the exact name of the permissions the users needs and what level does it need, in addition, can we link to documentation here on how a user can edit permissions?

Author: Unfortunately, as of yet, there isn't a comprehensive documentation that describes how Users / Groups can be configured.

In order to briefly explain how this can be done, a new section has been added to this document "Configuring Permissions for modifying OIDC Providers".

After we create a documentation for "How to configure Users / Groups", we will add a reference to that documentation under this section as well.

- You have an OIDC ([OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/developers/how-connect-works/)) provider, including a **Client ID** and **Client Secret**.

## Setting up a new OIDC Provider

Navigate to the "Access Management" section from the Sidebar Menu, and then into the "OIDC Providers" page. You may add a new OIDC Provider via the **Add Provider** button.

![Add Provider Screenshot](images/authentication/create-oidc-provider-main-screenshot.png)

> For outstanding providers such as Microsoft ENTRA or Google Identity Platform; following instructions in [Preliminary Configurations](#preliminary-configurations) are sufficient to complete the integration.

Reviewer 2: `outstanding` is not correct in this context, and not needed.
```suggestion
For providers such as Microsoft ENTRA or Google Identity Platform; following instructions in [Preliminary Configurations](#preliminary-configurations) are sufficient to complete the integration.
```

If you are using a non-standardized OIDC Provider, or would like to further customize the authentication flow (modifying prompt behaviour of your OIDC Provider, etc.) please refer to [Advanced Configurations](#advanced-configurations).

### Preliminary configurations

On the "General" step, enter a desired **ID** and **Display Name** for your provider. The OIDC Provider you are about to add will be saved under this **ID** and **Display Name** on GameFabric.

![Provider Details Screenshot](images/authentication/create-oidc-provider-firststep-screenshot.png)

> On the "Provider" step, you need to specify the **Issuer URL** of your OIDC provider. This URL points to the OIDC Discovery Document of that particular provider, and GameFabric uses this Discovery Document for integrating with that provider.

Reviewer 2: There is a note on this. If memory serves, the issuer URL should not include the "well-known" (`/.well-known/openid-configuration`) portion of the final url. Doing so will make it fail. This was found out the hard way.

> GameFabric has to be configured as an external application in the OIDC Provider, for the provider to assign **Client ID & Secret** ([Client ID & Secret](https://www.oauth.com/oauth2-servers/client-registration/client-id-secret/)) for GameFabric. GameFabric requires this to connect to your provider.

Reviewer: It sounds to me like there is a word missing, so I ran it through DeepL Write. The second phrase is also not needed? WDYT?

```suggestion
GameFabric must be configured as an external application in the OIDC Provider in order for the provider to assign the [Client ID & Secret](https://www.oauth.com/oauth2-servers/client-registration/client-id-secret/) for GameFabric.
```

Author: Sounds better, amended.

Fill in the **Client ID & Secret** to their respective text inputs, and click "Next".

![Issuer Configuration Screenshot](images/authentication/create-oidc-provider-secondstep-screenshot.png)

For OIDC Providers with standard behaviour no further configuration is necessary and you may click "Create" button to finish adding your provider.

![Basic Provider Create Screenshot](images/authentication/create-oidc-provider-basic-finish.png)

### Advanced Configurations

> This section allows further configuration of **Scopes & Claims**, **Prompt**, **Claim Mapping** and **Provider Discovery Override**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section allows configuration of **Scopes & Claims**, **Prompt**, **Claim Mapping** and **Provider Discovery Override**.
```

#### Scopes & Claims

> GameFabric requests further data about the authenticated user using **Scopes & Claims**.

Reviewer 2: `further` is not right here. Use `additional` instead in all following sentences.
```suggestion
GameFabric requests additional data about the authenticated user using **Scopes & Claims**.
```

For example, you may want to use a different email field as the users display email on GameFabric, or a different username than the one your provider forwards you by default.

> This is accomplished via requesting additional **Scopes** ([OpenID Scopes](https://auth0.com/docs/get-started/apis/scopes/openid-connect-scopes)) from the OIDC Provider.
> 
> As a result, OIDC Provider will return additional **Claims** that contains further information about the authenticated user.

Reviewer 2: An attempt not to have that many `additional`s.

```suggestion
This is accomplished via requesting additional **Scopes** ([OpenID Scopes](https://auth0.com/docs/get-started/apis/scopes/openid-connect-scopes)) from the OIDC Provider, resulting in **Claims** that contain information about the authenticated user.
```

**Scopes** text input can be used for requesting these additional claims during the authentication process. GameFabric will request these **Scopes** from the OIDC Provider.

![Scopes Screenshot](images/authentication/create-oidc-provider-thirdstep-screenshot.png)

 Common scopes include:

| Scope         | Description                                                               |
|---------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| openid        | Required for OpenID Connect; requests and ID token                        |
| email         | Requests the user's email address                                         |
| profile       | Requests additional user profile information, such as name and picture    |
| groups        | Requests group membership claims (if supported by the identity provider)  |
| custom scopes | Applications or APIs can define their own scopes for specific permissions |

> OIDC Providers return **Claims** as a result of a successful authentication. These **Claims** denote information about the authenticated user.
> 
> GameFabric uses these **Claims** to map to data related to the user, such as **UserID** and **UserName**

Reviewer 2: Entirely covered in the above text, and not bringing any real value.

```suggestion
GameFabric uses these **Claims** to map to data related to the user, such as **UserID** and **UserName**
```

> When configuring outstanding providers, such as Microsoft ENTRA, these values are standard. Claim `sub` is mapped to **UserID** and `name` is mapped to **UserName**.
> 
> But, it is still possible to use different **Claims** to be configured onto **UserID** and **UserName**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default the claim `sub` is mapped to **UserID** and `name` is mapped to **UserName**. It is, however, possible to use different **Claims** to be configured onto **UserID** and **UserName**.
```

**UserID Key** text input allows an incoming **Claim** to be mapped onto **UserID** field and **UserName Key** text input allows an incoming **Claim** to be mapped onto **UserName** field.

#### Prompt

> OIDC Providers execute authentication via displaying a prompt to the user. This behaviour of the provider may be configured via forwarding the **Prompt** parameter with the authentication request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OIDC Providers execute authentication via displaying a prompt to the user. This behaviour of the provider may be configured via forwarding the **Prompt** parameter with the authentication request. The default value will be `consent` if not configured.
```

Possible **Prompt** values are:

| Prompt         | Description                                                                                                        |
|----------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| none           | Ensures **no user interaction** occurs. If the user is not already authenticated, the request fails with an error. |
| login          | Forces the user to **re-authenticate**, even if they are already logged in.                                        |
| consent        | Forces the identity provider to show a consent screen, even if the user has already granted consent.               |
| select_account | Prompts the user to choose an account if they are logged in with multiple accounts.                                |

> **Prompt** text input allows configuring this parameter, therefore specifying how the OIDC Provider should prompt the user during the authentication. GameFabric will forward this parameter to the provider. Default value will be `consent` if not configured otherwise.

Reviewer 2: All of this info is just a repeat of what has been stated above, excluding the default. This is not a high school essay graded on the number of words, we should try not to repeat all info.

```suggestion
```

#### Claim Mapping

Some OIDC providers return non-standard claims. **Claim Mapping** section allows mapping these claims into standardized claims in GameFabric.

Some of the non-standard claims, and how would they map to GameFabric claims:

| Non-standard Claim  | Corresponding GameFabric Claim | Description                                                                    |
|---------------------|--------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| login_name          | preferred_username             | The username used for login purposes, which might differ from the display name |
| alias               | preferred_username             | An alternative username or alias for the user                                  |
| normalized_username | preferred_username             | Lowercased username                                                            |
| secondary_email     | email                          | Secondary email, that might be wished to map to the principal "email"          |

#### Provider Discovery Override

> GameFabric performs a preparatory request to the OIDC Provider to fetch required configuration details. In the event this request returns incorrect information for your needs, these values can be overridden:

Reviewer: Was weird to read "In the event (that?) this" .. What about:

```suggestion
GameFabric performs a preparatory request to the OIDC Provider to fetch required configuration details.
If this query returns incorrect information, you can override these values:
```

Ignore if you don't agree, not super important.

![Basic Provider Create Screenshot](images/authentication/create-oidc-provider-basic-finish.png)

### Advanced Configurations

This section allows configuration of **Scopes & Claims**, **Prompt**, **Claim Mapping** and **Provider Discovery Override**.

#### Scopes & Claims

GameFabric requests additional data about the authenticated user using **Scopes & Claims**.

For example, you may want to use a different email field as the users display email on GameFabric, or a different username than the one your provider forwards you by default.

This is accomplished via requesting **Scopes** ([OpenID Scopes](https://auth0.com/docs/get-started/apis/scopes/openid-connect-scopes)) from the OIDC Provider.

As a result, OIDC Provider will return **Claims** that contains information about the authenticated user.

**Scopes** text input can be used for requesting these claims during the authentication process. GameFabric will request these **Scopes** from the OIDC Provider.

![Scopes Screenshot](images/authentication/create-oidc-provider-thirdstep-screenshot.png)

 Common scopes include:

> | Scope         | Description                                                               |

Reviewer 4: Sorry for the last minute request. Could you please add the `offline_access` scope to the table to empathize that it's very important for things to work properly. (Refresh tokens / refreshing the token)

> # GameFabric: Setting Up Third-Party OAuth Integration

Author: Simplified.

> ## Overview
> GameFabric is designed to separate concepts and concerns, providing users with enhanced flexibility, security, and sustainability. 

Reviewer 5: * [Add spacing to headings](https://legendary-adventure-6kmwkge.pages.github.io/guidelines/technical-writing/#add-spacing-to-headings). A newline is expected, before and after a section header.
  * Applies throughout this document
* I don't know if it's the role of the `Setting up 3rd party OAuth` document to explain what gamefabric is designed for 🤔 Here, I would expect users to already know roughly what gamefabric is, and to be specifically seeking information on how to setup the auth stuff.
* Sustainability? How so? 🤔🤔🤔 Are we secretly more eco-friendly than our competition? 😁 

```suggestion
## Overview

GameFabric is designed to separate concepts and concerns, providing users with enhanced flexibility, security, and sustainability. 
```

Author: Simplified.

> One key feature is **Authentication**. GameFabric enables seamless integration with external authentication providers, allowing users to execute their own authentication flows without GameFabric accessing or storing sensitive authentication data.

Reviewer 4: We support every OIDC compatible provider. But i think the wording should be identity provider instead of authn provider

## Prerequisites

> Before setting up a third-party OAuth provider, ensure the following:

Reviewer 4: OAuth isn't the same thing as OIDC

Author: Naming corrected.

- An active GameFabric installation with access through the default user.

> - An OIDC (OpenID Connect) provider, including a **Client ID** and **Client Secret**.

Author: Suggestion amended.

## What Is OIDC?

> **OIDC (OpenID Connect)** is an identity layer built on OAuth 2.0. It enables secure user authentication and identity information exchange between a client application, such as GameFabric, and an external identity provider.

Author: Section removed and link has been integrated to the above sentence.

## Setting Up Third-Party OAuth in GameFabric

> Delegating authentication to an external provider is straightforward with GameFabric. Follow the steps below to configure a new OIDC provider.

Reviewer 5: Irrelevant sentence

Author: Removed.

### Step 1: Add a New Provider

> 1. Navigate to the [OIDC Providers page](From Left Main Menu -> Access Management -> OIDC Providers).

Author: Formatting mistake, removed. Left Main Menu -> Sidebar renamed.

2. Click **Add Provider**.

![Add Provider Screenshot](image-7.png)

3. Enter a desired **Display ID** and **Display Name** for your new provider.

![Provider Details Screenshot](image-1.png)

### Step 2: Configure Issuer and Credentials

> 1. Specify the **Issuer URL** provided by your OIDC provider.

Author: Amended.

> 2. Enter the **Client ID** and **Client Secret** issued by the provider.

Reviewer 4: Good idea to have some examples in here. I think @Annonator plan was to extend this base documentation with different provider specific instructions when there is a need for it. That being said, having a default example (google) might be worthwhile

> 2. Enter the **Client ID** and **Client Secret** issued by the provider.

Reviewer 3: I think it will be best to add a bit more detail for each provider that we do have experience with. I think we should at least link to the respective documentation if we are not providing more in-depth detail.

Example for Microsoft Entra OIDC: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/v2-protocols-oidc

> 2. Enter the **Client ID** and **Client Secret** issued by the provider.

Author: An "Examples" section and a "Microsoft ENTRA" sub-section has been added.

![Issuer Configuration Screenshot](image-2.png)

> ### Step 3.1: Define Claim Configurations

Author: The first and second steps are brief and straightforward. The third step involves 3 sections in itself, hence the sub-bullets.

> ### Step 3.1: Define Claim Configurations

Reviewer 5: Then I would suggest making this just step 3, and use h4s (####) inside to represent the substeps. WDYT?

> ### Step 3.1: Define Claim Configurations

Author: I think that way's much better. Section has been renamed to "Step 3: Advanced Details" and sub-sections of this section has been edited as h4s (without the sub-step marker)

> 1. Configure the claims to request from the OIDC provider using the **Scopes** textbox. Common scopes include:

Author: Amended.

![Scopes Screenshot](image-5.png)

2. Define the following mappings:
   - **UserID Key**: Maps the OIDC provider’s claim to the **User ID** in GameFabric (default: `sub`).
   - **UserName Key**: Maps the OIDC provider’s claim to the **UserName** in GameFabric (default: `name`).

3. Specify the **Prompt** parameter to control user interaction during authentication. The default value is `consent`. Available prompt options include:

![Prompt Options Screenshot](image-4.png)

### Step 3.2: Claim Mapping

> Some OIDC providers return non-standard claims. Use the **Claim Mapping** section to align these with standardized claims in GameFabric.

Author: Some non-standard claims and how would they map to GameFabric has been added.

### Step 3.3: Provider Discovery Override

> GameFabric performs a discovery pre-flight to fetch required configuration details from the OIDC provider. If necessary, override the default values for:

Author: Simplified.

- **Token URL**
- **Auth URL**
- **JWKs URL**

This customization ensures compatibility with providers returning non-standard discovery responses.

## Summary

> By following these steps, you can configure a third-party OAuth integration in GameFabric, enhancing security and maintaining control over your authentication flows. For further assistance, refer to GameFabric’s support resources or consult your OIDC provider documentation.

Reviewer 5: Irrelevant section imo, besides maybe if indeed for further assistance they must contact their OIDC provider and not us if that is the case, but I'd be surprised if we did indeed refer them to Google if they have an issue with auth on our platform, I hope we would be the ones to help them with it instead 😄

Author: Overhauled.

# Setting Up Third-Party OAuth Integration

## Overview

> One key feature of GameFabric is ability to decouple **Authentication**.
> 
> It enables seamless integration with external authentication providers, allowing users to execute their own authentication flows without GameFabric accessing or storing sensitive authentication data.

Reviewer 5: Again I wouldn't say it's a key feature.

WDYT of

```suggestion
GameFabric supports 3rd party OAuth integration with every OAuth-compatible identity prodiver, allowing you to reuse your existing authentication flows, without giving GameFabric access to your sensitive authentication data.
```

- You have access to an active GameFabric installation with access through the default user.
- You have an OIDC ([OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/developers/how-connect-works/)) provider, including a **Client ID** and **Client Secret**.

## Setting up a new OIDC Provider

### Step 1: Add a New Provider

1. Navigate to the OIDC Providers page (From Sidebar -> Access Management -> OIDC Providers).
2. Click **Add Provider**.

![Add Provider Screenshot](create-oidc-provider-main-screenshot.png)

3. Enter a desired **Display ID** and **Display Name** for your new provider.

![Provider Details Screenshot](create-oidc-provider-firststep-screenshot.png)

### Step 2: Configure Issuer and Credentials

1. Specify the **Issuer URL** of your OIDC provider.
2. Enter the **Client ID** and **Client Secret** issued by the provider.

![Issuer Configuration Screenshot](create-oidc-provider-secondstep-screenshot.png)

### Step 3: Advanced Details

#### Define Claim Configurations

1. Configure the claims to request from the OIDC provider using the **Scopes** text input.

![Scopes Screenshot](create-oidc-provider-thirdstep-screenshot.png)

 Common scopes include:

> | Scope | Description |
> |-------|-------------|
> | openid    | Required for OpenID Connect; requests and ID token |
> | email     | Requests the user's email address |
> | profile   | Requests additional user profile information, such as name and picture |
> | groups    | Requests group membership claims (if supported by the identity provider) |
> | custom scopes | Applications or APIs can define their own scopes for specific permissions |

Reviewer 5: You can use [markdown table formatter](http://markdowntable.com/) to fix the format of your tables online, or if you use Goland I believe it can do this for you automatically. Maybe you need to install a markdown support plugin, not sure.

```suggestion
| Scope         | Description                                                               |
|---------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| openid        | Required for OpenID Connect; requests and ID token                        |
| email         | Requests the user's email address                                         |
| profile       | Requests additional user profile information, such as name and picture    |
| groups        | Requests group membership claims (if supported by the identity provider)  |
| custom scopes | Applications or APIs can define their own scopes for specific permissions |
```

Applies to other tables as well

Author: Markdown table formatting has been corrected.
